without people this is DJ devious D with
a quick I guess you could say this is
like The Wizard of Oz I am pulling back
the curtain allowing you to see or
experience what I do and how I do it now
I just didn't remix well it's been a
while now but I did a scratch remix of
Cypress he'll jump around like yeah I
think that yeah jump around but I'm
going to show you how it no not going to
show you exactly how I did it but I'll
show you what the tools that I'll use to
create such a fine piece of music and
I'm going to show you the quick route a
lot of people know of you know this
program is asset music studio one of
these and I'm gonna show you real
quickly some things I got here like that
like that
this I want to throw a propeller on top
of it
you
so like that now I gotta just the
and this is just a simple list acquara
now you hit the unaffected yes I want to
add a scratch effect or this is the
quickest way to do it
so to plug-in by sugar bytes I believe
yeah sugar bytes
it's called you fake tricks and it's
quite interesting and once you get it
set up
so you kind of get the gist of that and
say yeah I have another plug-in that
does some crazy stuff too now tornado
I'm gonna bypass you okay I pass you
so you gotta give that can I trust this
a couple simple now actually you have to
get into the plugins and tweak them if
you want to get the exact scratch and
all that sort of thing but that's I do a
lot of my scratch effects and I just
thought I'd make it simple for you to
kind of see what I do so that's it hope
you enjoyed that quick dip